s3:GetBucketVersioning  GET Bucket versioning
s3:PutBucketVersioning  PUT Bucket versioning
s3:GetBucketRequestPayment  GET Bucket requestPayment
s3:PutBucketRequestPayment  PUT Bucket requestPayment
s3:GetBucketLocation    GET Bucket location
s3:GetBucketPolicy  GET Bucket policy
s3:DeleteBucketPolicy   DELETE Bucket policy
s3:PutBucketPolicy  PUT 存储桶策略
s3:GetBucketNotification    GET Bucket notification
s3:PutBucketNotification    PUT Bucket notification
s3:GetBucketLogging GET Bucket logging
s3:PutBucketLogging PUT Bucket logging
s3:GetBucketTagging     GET Bucket 标记
s3:PutBucketTagging     PUT Bucket 标记
s3:GetBucketWebsite GET Bucket website
s3:PutBucketWebsite PUT Bucket website
s3:DeleteBucketWebsite  DELETE Bucket website
s3:GetLifecycleConfiguration    GET Bucket lifecycle
s3:PutLifecycleConfiguration    PUT Bucket lifecycle
s3:PutReplicationConfiguration  PUT Bucket 复制
s3:GetReplicationConfiguration  GET Bucket 复制
s3:DeleteReplicationConfiguration   DELETE Bucket 复制

